hey this is an thievery we can watch
this side and Ride welcome to our
detailed breakdown of the new kortek
micro tank bag available at revzilla.com
so in front of me it is small it is
light it is pretty inexpensive this is
the core tech micro tank bag which is
for those of you that like to take trips
and absolutely hate pockets if we look
at it it comes in a tank bag
configuration it is not very large it's
a four pocket design it's made out of
beefy 1680 ballistic nylon but the
beauty of it because you're all asking
this question from an installation
standpoint is a strap mount or is it
magnetic and the answer is it's both see
that it has a strap mount on both the
tank that goes or the straps that go
around the neck and then the ones that
are closer to your seat but you can
remove them and it has the magnet
magnets built in so you have that option
so magnet here magnet in the bag itself
and then two magnets up here towards the
top so again you have the flexibility in
that configuration if we look at it you
know my gripe with it would be I'd love
to see some waterproof zippers on here
but under that $60.00 mark again beggars
can't be choosers it's gonna be a
lightweight investment and again you're
gonna bang for the buck factor here
pocket on the outside pocket on the
inside notice that there's a mesh pocket
on the inside as well so there's three
of your pockets and if you move down
here you have your clear media pocket
great for an iPhone or Android device so
if you're using your GPS you can also
thread your earphones or any other wire
you might be charging it directly
through that pocket again it's going to
give you a chance to be water resistant
but for longer rides it doesn't have a
fly with it so I'm not going to call it
fully waterproof and remember guys I'd
love to hear your comments or questions
your feedback click here subscribe to us
at RevZilla TV let me know what you
think of the micro tank bag from core
tech or if you're comparing contrasting
that against the driver which is the
step-up and it's a bit more functional
but also remember we are going to ship
for free now if we look at it again
basic in its construction meant to be
durable along the longer haul and the
next step in your journey is to click
right here read other rider reviews of
the core tech micro tank bag at
revzilla.com remember you don't have to
take my word for it just use me as a
starting place as always like I said we
will ship for free if you want to talk
to a gear geek see us at revzilla.com
rates evan 779 219 4 or 5 5 thanks for
watching our detailed breakdown I'm
Anthony we'll see you next time
you